# \[VI-Planning for infrastructure]

## Quick Start

* We provide an example that requires the use of Lidar point cloud data as raw data. Therefore, you need to prepare raw data directly generated by a Lidar driver or use collected point cloud data packets for subsequent experiments. It should be noted that the frequency of the raw data needs to be controlled at 10Hz.
<br>
* After preparing the raw data, you need to publish the raw data in the form of ros2 topic. The topic name must be "/sensing/lidar/pointcloud", and the frame_id must be "base_link".
<br>
* Next, you need to clarify the relative positional relationship between your infrastructure and the origin of your map, and modify the content in "src/map/map_tf_generator/src/vector_map_tf_generator_node.cpp" according to the translation and rotation of this relative positional relationship.
<br>
* Next, you can compile the source code. Before compiling the source code, please install the relevant dependencies according to the Artifact Appendix in the paper. You can directly use "colcon build" to compile the source code.
<br>
* Finally, you can directly run start.sh in the bash folder to start the entire system. After the system is started, it will take raw data as input to generate detection, tracking and prediction results, and also generate occupancy map. You can view these results on the rviz2 interface. Meanwhile, the system will encode the occupancy map to generate occupancy data to be sent to the vehicle.
<br>
* Due to differences in RSU devices, we only provide the transmission code for the RSU device used in our experiment. If you need to send occupancy data to the vehicle, you need to develop your own program to subscribe to the occupancy data generated in the previous step and send it. The encoded occupancy data is in the format of a binary string.

